So another new thing that we just
got in JavaScript is called a trailing comma,
or comma dangle in a function.
And a couple of years ago we actually got this in
both objects and arrays, which means that
you can have an array that looks like this:
"Const names" is equal to, and if you have "Wes"
and you have "kait, lux," and you want to end it off
with a comma, that is totally fine.
That's what's called a comma dangle, or a trailing comma.
Which will allow you to easily go in and add another one.
Same thing works for objects, where if you have
a people object and you have "Wes,"
and you say, "Cool," and Kate is "Even cooler,"
and you have that comma dangle there,
what happens is the next time you come around and
you add a third person to this object, we can say
she's the "Coolest."
Right, and by doing that, sort of the benefit to
having that comma dangle, some people don't like it,
because for the longest time in JavaScript,
that was not allowed.
But the benefit to that is that, okay, look, let's say
that I didn't have a comma dangle, and this was all
checked into my git repo, and I want to come up and
add a fourth person, so I'm going to add "Poppy."
She's the "Smallest."
So, what's happening, this is incomplete JavaScript
because I need to now go and add a comma here.
So, the argument for adding a comma dangle is that
if this was going into GitHub, and let's say somebody
else on my team wrote this line, and then I went in
and wrote this line, if I were just to add a comma to that
all of a sudden I am blamed for that line.
And if something were to go wrong, they would look
back at that line and say, like, "Oh, you're the last
person who touched that line."
When really, of course you touched it, but you just
added a comma, because you're really dealing with
line 16 here.
So by doing a comma dangle, let's say that's all
checked in now, and then I were to add a new person,
maybe "Snickers," and "Bow wow."
By having that comma dangle already checked in when Poppy
was added, I just can add another comma.
You're always thinking about the next person on the line.
So that's the same thing for arrays as well, where if you
put each item in the array on its own line.
Something that looks like this.
Then you don't really have to worry about that
all that much.
Because when Poppy comes around, I'm not actually
editing the line before it in there.
So, that now works for functions as well.
And it's the exact same sort of idea behind it.
So if I were to say, "Function family,"
and let's say "Mom" and "Dad," and then once we had kids
I wanted to add a "Children" argument.
Because I had that comma dangle there, or maybe
if these were on their own line, it doesn't really
make that much difference if they're not on their own line,
but sometimes people write functions like this.
So I could just go ahead and add in a line 28 here,
called "Children," and have a comma there.
And then if I were to add in, maybe in two months,
I could add "Dogs," and comma dangle there.
There's no unnecessary editing of the line
before that it comes with.
So, that's totally up to you.
Generally what I like to do is set out my ESLint
or my Prettier to have these rules in there.
So that if you forget them,
they'll automatically add them in.
And if you add them in, but you should not have them,
it will just take it out.
There's no sense in sort of, like, sitting around
a coffee talking about what you prefer.
Just set your ESLint and Prettier up and have
the computer figure that out for you.